If you’re an employee, you are on the front lines of information security. Your company may have comprehensive cybersecurity
policies for you and coworkers to follow. But even with these protections, it’s important to stay on guard to help assure
your company’s data and network are safe and secure.

Does it make a difference if you work for a small or midsize company? Hackers often target large organizations, but smaller
organizations may be even more attractive. Why? Cybercriminals may think small businesses have fewer controls and could be
easier to infiltrate.

Your company may have the best security software and most comprehensive office policies, but your actions play a big part in
helping to keep data safe. Consider this: A single employee could make a mistake by sharing sensitive company information on
their smartphone or clicking on a corrupt link — and that could lead to a data breach.

When you work at a small or midsize company, it’s smart to learn about cybersecurity best practices. If you educate yourself
about the small things that contribute to cybersecurity, it can go a long way toward helping to protect your organization.

In a world where news spreads fast and online reputation is everything, cyber-attacks and data breaches are a massive threat to
organizations across the world. Data breaches are among the top three threats to global stability and the average cost of a data
breach is $3.86 million. Aside from the financial costs, reputations take a big hit and some never quite recover. When the
overall costs of insufficient security are laid out, it’s clear that a solid cybersecurity strategy is crucial to every
organization and a healthy cybersecurity budget is worth the investment.

So if you’re ready to level up your security, one of the most important places to start is with your employees and their
knowledge and use of cybersecurity best practices. The cybersecurity tips below cover awareness, basic safety, online safety,
social media, data security, tips for remote workers, small businesses and considerations for CEOs and CISOs to keep in mind.
